Here's muscular
failure. Failure is a big part of how
you effectively grow muscle. But as you
can see, I don't do that very often with
very much of my body. With stretching,
it's a similar concept. Oh boy, here we
go. Okay. But for stretching, failure is
when your stretch reflex relaxes so that
you can sink a little bit deeper. It's
been about 15 seconds. I'm sinking a
little deeper. Hopefully, you can see
the difference there. So, the equivalent
to stretching till failure is stretching
until you sink a little bit deeper and
then you hold it. You tend to get better
at the things that you focus on. And
right now, you're focusing on your
phone. So, maybe you should do something
about that. Stay flexy.